# Where_to_open_new_coffee_shop_competition
Background You are helping a client who owns coffee shops in Colorado. The company's coffee shops serve high-quality and responsibly sourced coffee, pastries, and sandwiches. They operate three locations in Fort Collins and want to expand into Denver. Your client believes that the ideal location for a new store is close to affluent households, and the store appeals to the 20-35 year old demographic. Your team collected geographical and demographic information about Denver's neighborhoods to assist the search. They also collected data for Starbucks shops in Denver. Starbucks and the new coffee shops do not compete for the same clients; the team included their location as a reference.  Your challenge Provide your client a list of neighborhoods in Denver where they should consider expanding. Include:  A visualization of Denver's neighborhoods and the Starbucks store locations. Find the neighborhoods with the highest proportion of people in the target demographic. Select the top three neighborhoods where your client should focus their search. Prizes The winners will receive DataCamp merchandise.  Judging criteria This is a community-based competition. The top 5 most upvoted entries will win.  How to get started Create your most insightful analysis using Workspace, our in-browser tool to write, run, and publish data analyses. Once you’ve finished your work, you’ll need to publish it for review.  1 Start your analysis in R or Python 2 Create an insightful analysis 3 Publish your work for review 4 Share your publication to get upvoted
